Subtitle by [www.gogoanime21.eu.org], thank you for faithfully watching at "[www.gogoanime21.eu.org]"
So what can we do for Mr.
your only chance
That is, we can reach the core area of the world within the world earlier than these 2 million people.
I am the commander of Three Ax Mountains
I can let you temporarily use my banner
get some protection
And the assessment is over
It can also ensure that you leave safely
If you get a treasure that makes my heart beat, it's mine
Of course I won't treat you badly
how
So we are now under the banner of Mr. Sanfushan Mingyu
The matter of joining Beilong City has not yet been decided.
In case Gaia’s application is not approved
We will always be stragglers
So this opportunity cannot be missed
The third child is right
Treasures are important
But we now represent the human race on Earth
anyone dies
All of them weaken the earth’s defense power.
What to do now
We need to rush to the core area as soon as possible
But be extra careful
All major forces have sent large numbers of teams to arrive continuously.
The risk of war within borders is getting higher and higher
We're almost at the core area
not good -
There are enemies
And it’s in three directions
They came prepared:
Abominable Baihu Tower launches emergency gathering
Luo Feng, as long as you are still in the realm within the realm
I will definitely kill you
let's go
Crisis resolved
If the calculation is correct
In just 6 days, we have already suffered 21 robberies and killings.
Boss, look
The core area within the boundary
All the people from major organizations are here
Could the treasure be in that castle?
They are sent from major organizations
Beilong City has discovered the location of the treasure
Recruiting members in large numbers
The same goes for other forces
They are all actively expanding their combat power.
But there is no Three Ax Mountains
Really do not have
what happened
It's Gaia
You are all still safe
Very good
I just finished my work
So contact you immediately
Thank you we are fine
correct
We have received recruitment messages from major forces
I found that the only one that didn’t have the Three Ax Mountains
Three Ax Mountain has never easily cultivated new people.
Therefore, the number of adventurers participating in the assessment this time is very small.
Before their 200,000-strong army arrives
Still unable to form a force
I have already reported your information
You can join me in Beilong City
Because we were not sure whether Beilong City could accept us before.
So I joined Sanaxhan first.
Out of the way
Even if you don't join
You can also temporarily enter into a cooperative relationship with us
This way you can get double protection
Beilong City can also have more strength
You can meet me at Beilongcheng base.
Luo Fengqi
The creator of this thunder world is named Kabu
Has been dead for tens of millions of years
He hid a huge amount of treasure in this castle before he died.
But none of the forces dared to take the lead
Always maintaining a delicate balance
You will be included in the 18th Square for the time being.
They are all
Just as human as you
But it's not exactly the same
The human race itself is a huge life system in the universe
Evolved in their own way for hundreds of millions of years
I made a classification for the evolutionary system of human beings in the universe
Have noble blood
Able to rapidly evolve with cosmic energy
Belong to the series of deified supermen
with advanced biotechnology
Integrating mechanical technology into the physical body to enhance strength
Classified as a series of biochemical machinery
Gene fused with monsters to gain the ability to transform into beasts
Classified as a lineage of animalization genes
Natural variation due to own genetic mutation
Belongs to the mutant race
what you just saw
It's a biochemical human being
I see
Imperial Military Regiment
Meet Her Royal Highness the Ninth Queen
Brolin, the ninth princess of my empire
Want to get this treasure
Anyone who stands in my way will die
now i declare
The blue castle area at the core of the realm within the realm
Controlled by the Imperial Armed Forces
No force or individual is allowed to approach
Brolin,
The Imperial Martial Regiment is openly confronting all forces.
Where does she get the confidence?
Her Royal Highness the Ninth Queen
You want to take the treasure to yourself
I am Beilongcheng
It's that bastard from the Royal Arms who killed Hook.
This is a level 2 laser gun
One shot can kill a second-level cosmic-level warrior
Not to mention you, a group of mere stellar level adventurers.
This is what happens when you fight against the Imperial Armed Forces
And I have nine weapons to choose from.
Who else is dissatisfied now?
open city gate
without my permission
Who dares to break into the castle?
May I ask who you are?
The participants this time are very energetic.
I am the intelligence of the great master Kabu Realm Lord
You can call me Master Wu
Turns out they are my kind
You are here for the master’s treasure, right?
The master has many treasures
Yifan 6 butterfly lonely
An inherited crystal ball that is said to contain the top secrets of space
Sure enough it's here
What is the boundary mineral marked after the treasure?
The boundary ore is a type of ore unique to the boundary within the boundary.
Each of you has the opportunity to exchange realm ores for treasures
Now the treasure is not exclusive to Brolin.
I will give you the layout of the righteousness
I'll give you a distribution map
Record the map quickly
The entire boundary within the boundary is divided into 26 areas.
World ores are scattered among them
I don't care how you got the boundary ore.
If you want to get the baby, just fight for it
In addition to exchanging world ore
No one can get the treasure
The rule of the world is that there are no rules
absolutely fair
I'm waiting for you in the castle
Disobeying rules and fighting for boundary ores
It's the law of the jungle
Master Wu has uncovered the chaos.
Brolin
I don't care what means you use
You have to get the inheritance crystal ball.
If grandpa can break through with this secret method of space,
I will definitely help you defeat your brothers and win the throne.
It's grandpa
The current manpower of our Imperial Martial Regiment cannot occupy all areas.
We can only grasp the big and let go of the small
You bring a level 0 laser gun
Based on 300 people per team
Divide into 10 teams and head to the area with the most ores in the eastern border.
If other organizations occupy
Baihu Tower
Based on 200 people per team
Mr. Li Ersi and Xie Si Ishida and
Big brother and second brother
In Master Fog's list
I have taken a fancy to the ^6-level rail gun that can kill the sixth-level warriors of the domain lord.
Nuolanshan is the ninth level of the universe
with it
It is the least cost-effective for you to use a ^6-level rail gun to kill Nuolan Shan.
In fact, when I first looked for the cosmic crystal,
I have detected bounded ores in two areas
At that time, I thought it was worthless and didn’t care about it.
I made an estimate
The amount of boundary ore in those two places is enough to exchange for the fruit of life.
The energy of the fruit of life is extremely pure
Your body can't bear it
But Moyundeng can use this to advance to the cosmic level.
Universe level
Then wouldn’t it mean walking sideways in a realm within a realm?
By then we will be able to dig out more world ores
Just exchange the money for a treasure outside
You can buy weapons to kill Nuolan Shan
Invest first, then get high returns
Good strategy
Depart from Beilong City
We march to where there are no other forces
Leave the Beilong City operation again
Organizations have taken action
The Imperial Military Regiment occupied the eastern area of the core area
Beilongcheng and Baihu Tower occupy the northwest and southwest respectively.
It’s almost time for our Three Ax Mountain army to enter the realm within the realm.
Keep an eye on the movements of the Imperial Martial Regiment
An army of 2 million has entered the realm within the realm.
Let's kill quickly
This place hasn't been so lively in 10.1 million years